feat(VPC): add vpc network interface resource (#3990)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/vpc_network_interface.md

---
subcategory: "Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)"
---

# huaweicloud_vpc_network_interface

Manages a VPC network interface resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "name" {}
variable "subnet_id" {}

resource "huaweicloud_vpc_network_interface" "test" {
  name      = var.name
  subnet_id = var.subnet_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `subnet_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the subnet to which the network interface belongs.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `allowed_address_ips` - (Optional, List) Specifies the allowed address ips.

>   The IP address is "1.1.1.1/0", indicating that the source/destination address check switch is turned off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `allowed_addresses` - (Optional, List) Specifies an array of IP addresses that can be active on the network interface.
  If the IP address is "1.1.1.1/0", it means that the source/destination address check switch is turned off.
```

---
subcategory: "Virtual Private Cloud (VPC)"
---

# huaweicloud_vpc_network_interface

Manages a VPC network interface resource within HuaweiCloud.

## Example Usage

```hcl
variable "name" {}
variable "subnet_id" {}

resource "huaweicloud_vpc_network_interface" "test" {
  name      = var.name
  subnet_id = var.subnet_id
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

* `region` - (Optional, String, ForceNew) Specifies the region in which to create the resource.
  If omitted, the provider-level region will be used.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

> * `subnet_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the network to which the network interface belongs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `subnet_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the subnet to which the network interface belongs.
```

  Changing this creates a new resource.

> * `allowed_address_pairs_ips` - (Optional, List) Specifies whether disable the source/destination check.

Reviewer: It looks like a description of bool param, please update it.

  The IP address is "1.1.1.1/0", indicating that the source/destination address check switch is turned off.

> * `extra_dhcp_opts` - (Optional, List) Specifies the extended option (extended attribute) of DHCP.

Reviewer: as we discussed before, it's better to use a string parameter called `dhcp_lease_time`
